So let's go back to our checklist.
All right, we filtered the grid
with a reusable component and
computed properties, now,
we're gonna create a dynamic page.
So okay, let's create a dynamic page.
We go back over to VS Code.
And what we're gonna do in order to create
a dynamic page, this part is really cool.
You're gonna be into it.
You create a new thing with an underscore.
So I'm going to use
whatever I think is unique.
Remember how we're using keys and
before, we wanna use whatever is unique.
So whatever is unique about that data,
typically it's going to be an ID, but
I've seen people use like,
post slugs, and all sorts of things.
So I'm gonna say id.vue,
I go in the Pages Directory, and
then if I want it to be in a subdirectory,
I'll say Items.
So I'm gonna create a subdirectory
directory called items.
I typically do that for dynamic pages,
because I want it to be very clear that
this is a subdirectory,
dynamic pages are happening inside here.
And so, I say _id.vue,
I save, I say, vbase.
And right away what I have access to is,
if I
make data I can say id:
this.$route.params.id.
And this will give me access
to whichever unique piece of
data I'm using at that moment.
And sure enough,
we're gonna do that pretag up here again.
And I'm going to do the same thing
I did last time where I kind of
put the data on the page so
that I can see it right away.
But I wanna have a way to get there too,
because I didn't memorize all of those
long IDs when I was working with all
of this stuff, sorry about that.
So I'm gonna go over to the components,
and
I'm gonna go to our AppRestaurantInfo.
And remember this Ghost button
that we never linked up,
we wanna be able to access
the item from that view item.
So I'm gonna say vnuxt l,
that's gonna give me the next link.
I'm gonna take this out and
wrap this button.
And then I'm going to
use a template literal.
And remember I said Item,
I think, items, and then
I'm going to pass in menu:item.id,
because that's what I used up
there was the menu:item.id.
The last thing I wanna do is I
wanna make sure that I bind this so
that it's not just, cuz remember,
otherwise it's just going to use a string.
That's all of this and
that's going to be garbage,
so we definitely want to change that.
And for this, we also want to restart
the server, so we're gonna go over here.
Go restart the server, because it
needs to generate all of those pages.
So I need to restart the server so it can
create all of these dynamic pages for me.
So if I go over to this
refresh, then I should be
able to go to the page and
you'll see localhost items and
the ID of the item.
And you can see that ID
outputted to the page.
The last thing we're gonna do
before I give you an exercise is,
right now I have the ID and
that is all I have.
I have the unique ID for the thing.
But in that unique ID for
the thing, I don't know,
all of the other information about it
right, I don't know the item title,
I don't know the price,
I don't know all of these other pieces.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna go back and
I'm going to make sure that I'm going
through all of our food data and
I'm grabbing one of those pieces
of the array from that ID.
So I'm gonna filter
through that information.
So I'm gonna go to the ID and
I'm going to say,
vmapstate, and I'm going to bring in,
I always put computed after data.
And I'm gonna say fooddata.
And now, what I want to do here is
I wanna actually make a new thing
in computed properties that
I'm gonna call currentItem,
not cuttent item, currentItem.
Now, here is the thing that I'm going to
do that is going to be contentious because
I know a lot of functional programmers
that would absolutely just use filter
for this.
But what I'm going to do instead is
I'm going to use a nested for loop.
And the reason why I'm
gonna use a nested for
loop instead of a filter is
because it's more efficient.
Because in a nested for
loop I can break, so
I can say, go through all of these
until you find a match and then stop.
But with a .filter, I can't do that.
So what I'm gonna do to keep it efficient,
typically I would use filters and things.
But because we're potentially working
with a large amount of information, and
I'm going to be a little bit
performance budget conscious here.
So I'm gonna say let result,
and then return the results.
And I'm gonna say, for
(let i = 0: i < this.fooddata.length).
Never thought you'd be watching
people just code up for loops.
[LAUGH] So here we got the this for loop.
And then, so remember,
we have that first level of the stores,
and then we also have the second
level of those menu items.
So I need to go through this and
say .menu.length,
and then I'm gonna change these all to J.
Because that's just kind of industry
standard, when we loop through twice.
We're looping through first those store
pieces, then we're doing the .menu.length.
Then we say if all of this,
the menu item j.id = this.id,
in other words, this.id here.
Then we're going to say that the result
is this.fooddata.i.menu: J,
and then we're gonna say break.
And that's gonna allow us to stop
that process when we're done.
So now I'm going to output currentItem and
see if we did that correctly.
Why is it .2, that seems weird.
this.fooddata i.j.id,
I'm assigning instead
of checking a quality.
All right, cool, so now I go back, and
cool, we have the description, we have the
items, we have the image, we have the ID.
We have the price and
the add ons, excellent.